FROM THE STAGES OF LONDON
TO THE THEATERS OF BROADWAY,
I'VE DAZZLED AUDIENCES
EVERYWHERE!
"NOBODY THROWS DOWN LIKE HIM,"
RAVES
THE "DUELIST TIMES."
"HE IS MAGNETIC,
THE BRIGHTEST STAR
IN THE PRO CIRCUIT,"
CHEERS THE "GX POST."
AND NOW I'M HERE...
DUEL ACADEMY.
ORLANDO HAS ARRIVED!
I GOTTA GET MY GAME ON!
WE'VE BEEN LOOKING
FOR AN OPPONENT
FOR TWO HOURS NOW.
HUSTLE, SON!
I'M COMING!
NOT EVERYONE
RUNS 15 MILES
EVERY MORNING
AT THE CRACK
OF DAWN!
EVER HEAR OF RESTING?
THERE'S NO TIME.
BUT I HAVE AN IDEA, SY!
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE IT
IF HASSLEBERRY HERE GAVE
YOU A PIGGYBACK RIDE?
WHAT? AND LET
THIS PIPSQUEAK WIMP OUT?
LET'S JUST
GO BACK.
THERE ISN'T
ANYBODY TO DUEL
OUT HERE.
ACTUALLY, SY,
THERE IS SOMEONE.
IN FACT, I HAPPEN TO BE
LOOKING AT HIM AS WE SPEAK!
WHO? ME?
THAT'S THE PERFECT
JACKET FOR YOU SOLDIER,
'CAUSE YOU'RE AS YELLOW
AS THEY COME!
HEY, I KNOW!
WHY DON'T I CHALLENGE
BOTH OF YOU TO A DUEL?
BUT I'M TOO SCARED!
WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S MY GRAND
ENTRANCE, OF COURSE!
ALL RIGHT. FIVE MINUTES
TO SHOW TIME.
AND PLAYING THE PART OF
MY NEXT VICTIM IS YOU!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
ANYONE KNOW WHO
THAT GUY IS?
THAT'S A NEGATIVE.
GET WITH THE PROGRAM!
HIS NAME'S ORLANDO.
HE'S A PRO!
OH.
Orlando: I'M A HOUSEHOLD NAME!
WHAT ROCK HAVE YOU TWO
BEEN LIVING UNDER?
I'VE BEEN LIVING
AT SLIFER RED.
A LITTLE RESPECT?
YOU'RE IN THE PRESENCE
OF A LIVING LEGEND,
A DUELING ARTISTE,
IF YOU WILL!
IN FACT, I'M THE ONLY
BROADWAY ACTOR TURNED
DUELIST IN THE WORLD!
ISN'T THAT NICE?
WELL, HE'S
DEFINITELY UNIQUE.
I GOTTA DUEL
THIS GUY!
YOU IN THE RED COSTUME,
WHAT'S YOUR STAGE NAME?
JADEN, I GUESS.
VERY WELL.
JADEN, YOU WILL HAVE
THE HONOR OF BATTLING ME!
IT'S A DUEL! TIME TO GET
YOUR GAME ON, ORLANDO!
NOT A BAD OPENING LINE!
WOULD YOU LIKE TO BORROW
SOME EYELINER OR BLUSH
OR PERHAPS JUST
A LITTLE CONCEALER
FOR THOSE BLEMISHES?
(SYRUS AND HASSLEBERRY CHUCKLE)
Jaden: READY,
ORLANDO?
A MASTER OF THE PERFORMING
ARTS IS ALWAYS READY!
JAY CAN BEAT
THIS GUY, RIGHT?
WELL, I'D HATE TO SEE
HIM LOSE TO A CLOWN.
IF YA SPEND
THE WHOLE DUEL WORRYING
ABOUT THE END,
YOU MISS ALL THE FUN!
YOU KNOW ME.
I DUEL TO IMPROVE
MY GAME AND TO HAVE
A BLAST, NOT TO WIN!
YOU DUEL TO HAVE
A GOOD TIME?
THAT'S RIGHT.
BUT DUELING IS
ABOUT ART...
HUH?
NOT ABOUT FUN!
JUST WAIT TILL I
TAKE THE STAGE
FOR THE PERFORMANCE
OF A LIFETIME!
BRING IT ON!
Syrus:
ISN'T THAT CROWLER
AND BONAPARTE?
WHO ELSE WOULD BE
PICNICKING ON
A BATTLEFIELD?
MY MAHJONG GROUP
IS NEVER GONNA
BELIEVE THIS!
FRONT ROW SEATS
TO AN ORLANDO SHOW!
I'VE BEEN A FAN
OF HIS FOR YEARS.
SO HAVE I! WE'VE GOT
TO GET HIS PICTURE.
FOR OUR BLOG!
TAKE YOUR SEATS, EVERYONE!
THE CURTAIN IS
JUST ABOUT TO RISE!
MY DEAR FRIENDS,
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE
ONCE SAID
ALL THE WORLD'S
A STAGE.
NOW LET ME WELCOME
YOU TO MY WORLD!
KABUKI STAGE BIG BRIDGE!
AWESOME!
WHAT DOES IT DO?
HA HA! WHAT DOES IT DO?
IT'S THE SET!
IT ESTABLISHES
THE FIRST SCENE!
EXTERIOR: WOODEN BRIDGE
ON A SUMMER'S MORN!
WHAT A SHOW!
BRAVISSIMO!
ISN'T HE SO INSPIRING?
I SHOULD GO BACK
TO ACTING.
JUST WHAT WE NEED...
ORLANDO'S FAN CLUB!
JUST IGNORE THEM.
I MEAN, PLEASE.
WHO WOULD BUY TICKETS
TO SEE THIS HACK?
AND NOW ENTERING THE SCENE
FROM STAGE RIGHT,
THE ONE,
THE ONLY
YOSHITUNE!
THE GOBLIN OF BEAUTY!
AND SCENE.
NOT BAD!
BUT WHAT'S A PERFORMANCE
IF YOU DON'T HAVE
A HERO, RIGHT?
SO HOW ABOUT A BIG ROUND
OF APPLAUSE, FOLKS,
FOR THE MAN
OF THE HALF-HOUR...
ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN!
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO!
ATTACK NOW
WITH STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
THERE'S A PLOT TWIST!
YOUR HERO HAS OVER
A THOUSAND POINTS,
SO MY GOBLIN SWITCHES
TO DEFENSE MODE!
BIG DEAL. SPARKMAN'S
STILL STRONGER!
SO IT'S CURTAINS
FOR HER!
NOT EXACTLY!
WHENEVER SHE'S
IN DEFENSE MODE,
MY GOBLIN GETS
IMMUNITY FOR A TURN!
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
SHE'LL MAKE IT
TO ACT TWO AFTER ALL!
NICE MOVE!
THAT'S NOTHING.
SINCE THE STAGE WE'RE
ON BELONGS TO ME,
I RUN THE SHOW!
AND WITH THAT JOB COME
A FEW MAJOR PERKS,
LIKE THE POWER TO
INTRODUCE A NEW CHARACTER!
ENTER.
ARMED SAMURAI
BEN KEI!
AND WITH A NEW LEADING
MAN ON THE STAGE,
THE PLOT'S ABOUT
TO THICKEN!
HE PLAYED A CARD THAT'S
WEAKER THAN MINE!
WHAT'S HE PLANNING?
PLACES, EVERYONE!
SHOW TIME.
SWITCHING GOBLIN
TO ATTACK MODE!
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
MONK HALBERD
AND ADD IT TO
MY BEN KEI!
NOW IT'S TIME FOR
SOME ROLE REVERSAL,
BECAUSE I ACTIVATE
DRAMATIC POSE!
WHAT'S THAT DO?
SIMPLY PUT, IT TAKES
500 POINTS AWAY
FROM YOUR ELEMENTAL HERO
AND INSTANTLY HANDS THEM
OVER TO MY SAMURAI
AND MY GOBLIN!
BEN KEI,
ATTACK HIS SPARKMAN!
YOUR SIDE OF
THE THEATER'S EMPTY!
WELL, NOT FOR LONG,
'CAUSE I'M USING
THE EFFECT OF
YOUR BIG BRIDGE
TO PLAY WILDHEART
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THE RULES STATE IN ORDER
TO TAKE THE STAGE,
A MONSTER MUST BE
IN ATTACK MODE.
YOU'RE KIDDING.
WHAT A FAUX PAS!
THIS IS TRES
EMBARRASSING!
YES, IT SEEMS
THAT JADEN MISSED
THE DRESS REHEARSAL!
AH! THE UNPREDICTABILITY
OF LIVE THEATER!
UH, SO ANYTHING ELSE
I SHOULD KNOW?
I'M NOT TOO UP ON
THE WHOLE THEATRICAL
DUELING THING.
WHAT DO WE DO?
TAKE JADEN TO
MORE SHOWS?
Orlando: NO CROWD
PARTICIPATION!
IT GETS WORSE!
MY BEN KEI'S NOT DONE!
THANKS TO MY SPELL, HE'S
BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND,
AND HE'S ADDED
A REPEAT PERFORMANCE!
WHY ATTACK WHEN BOTH
OF OUR MONSTERS HAVE
THE SAME POWER?
THEY'LL BOTH BE DESTROYED.
YOU'D THINK THAT,
WOULDN'T YOU?
WAIT A SEC! YOUR
SAMURAI CAME OUT
WITHOUT A SCRATCH!
YOU REMEMBER
MY MONK HALBERD
SPELL CARD, RIGHT?
WELL, IT SHIELDS
HIM FROM HARM.
AND THERE'S MORE!
MY SPELL CARD HAS ANOTHER
TRICK IN ITS REPERTOIRE.
IT TAKES 500 POINTS
FROM YOU!
AAH! UH!
YOU SEE?
JUST WHEN YOU THINK
I'M DONE,
SOMEHOW I FIND A WAY
TO UPSTAGE MYSELF!
Napoleon and Crowler:
ENCORE, ENCORE, ENCORE!
YOU ARE JUST TOO KIND!
BEAUTY, YOU'RE ON!
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
Together: WATCH OUT, JAY!
BIEN! BEST SHOW
I'VE SEEN ALL YEAR!
YES! I COULD WATCH
THIS FOR HOURS!
IT'S BETTER THAN "CATS"!
OUI, OUI! I'M GLUED
TO MY SEAT!
JADEN, WANT TO KNOW
WHY THEY LOVE ME?
NO, NOT REALLY.
BECAUSE TO ME, DUELING IS
ABOUT BEAUTY AND GRACE.
ALLOW ME TO DEMONSTRATE.
I SHALL DISMANTLE MY STAGE
AND ESTABLISH A NEW SCENE!
THE TIME IS MID-AFTERNOON.
THE PLACE IS KABUKI STAGE...
CHERRY BLOSSOM MOUNTAIN!
I HOPE I HAVE MORE
LUCK IN THIS SCENE.
LADIES AND GENTS,
I RECOMMEND YOU STAY
IN YOUR SEATS!
THIS IS A NUMBER YOU
WON'T WANT TO MISS!
IT STARS A YOUNG GIRL.
YOU KNOW HER FROM
SUCH CLASSICS AS
"DUELIST ON THE ROOF"
AND "DECK SIDE STORY."
I'M PROUD TO INTRODUCE
SHIZUKA... THE HEAVENLY DANCER!
NOW I'LL ACTIVATE THIS...
THE SPELL CARD
NEW YEAR DRUM!
WHAT DO YA THINK
THAT SPELL CARD DOES?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT I'M NOT A FAN
OF THIS SHOW!
Orlando: AND AS THIS
SCENE COMES TO A CLOSE,
I'LL REMIND YOU
THAT THE EFFECT OF
MY DRAMATIC POSE
HAS ALSO CEASED.
YA KNOW, I CAN'T THINK
OF A MORE PLEASANT WAY
TO SPEND AN AFTERNOON.
HERE'S TO FINE THEATER
AND JADEN'S DEMISE!
I'M SURE GLAD
THIS ACT IS OVER.
NOW JADEN
CAN TAKE CONTROL.
YEAH, I GUESS. BUT DO
YA THINK HE HAS A PLAN?
I MEAN,
LOOK AT HIM.
HE SEEMS KIND OF
HELPLESS OUT THERE.
UH, I NEED A BRIEF
INTERMISSION.
(CHUCKLES)
YOU'VE GOT IT!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK!
SOMETHING'S ON
MY MIND, BRO.
WHAT?
WELL, YA SEE...
I TOTALLY GET WHY
ALL YOUR FANS THINK
YOU'RE THE BEST.
YOU PUT ON
A GREAT SHOW.
THANK YOU.
BUT WHAT'S
THE POINT?
EJECT THAT SLACKER
FROM THE THEATER!
YES! DOESN'T HE KNOW
WHO HE'S SPEAKING TO?
HERE'S THE THING.
DUELING IS SUPPOSED
TO BE FUN.
GRR. AHEM!
THAT'S WHERE WE DIFFER.
I DUEL TO SATISFY
MY AUDIENCE.
YOU DUEL ONLY
FOR YOURSELF!
HOLD ON. WHY NOT
PLEASE YOUR FANS
AND HAVE A GOOD TIME?
FINE.
THEN DO IT YOUR WAY.
OH, I WILL.
SO WATCH THIS.
MY MOVE!
I'LL START OFF
WITH THIS...
MY POLYMERIZATION!
AND I'LL USE IT
TO FUSE MY AVIAN
AND MY BURSTINATRIX
TO FORM ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
NOW, FLAME WINGMAN,
ATTACK!
HUH? WHAT'S
THE DEAL?
HA HA HA!
IT'S MY FIELD SPELL...
CHERRY BLOSSOM MOUNTAIN!
THIS IS THE CARD THAT
MADE ME FAMOUS!
THAT'S RIGHT, FOLKS!
IT'S MY SIGNATURE MOVE!
FIRST I BLOCK
MY OPPONENT'S ATTACK
AND THEN I REDIRECT IT
TO A NEW TARGET!
YOU DO?
WINGMAN, WAIT!
YOUR TARGET WILL BE
THE LOVELY SHIZUKA!
HA HA HA!
OH, AND BY THE BY,
THERE'S AN INTERESTING
FACT ABOUT SHIZUKA
YOU MAY WANT TO KNOW.
OH, GEE. I WONDER
WHAT IT IS.
COULD IT BE
A SPECIAL EFFECT?
PRECISELY!
WHEN SHIZUKA'S THE TARGET
OF AN ATTACK,
I GET A LITTLE BONUS...
600 POINTS!
AND NEXT, NEW YEAR
DRUM'S EFFECT ACTIVATES!
SO I CAN SUMMON
MY BATTLE CLAW FOX
AND MAKE IT
THE TARGET OF
YOUR ATTACK!
BIG MISTAKE,
ORLANDO.
SHE'S ONLY GOT
800 ATTACK POINTS!
SO I'LL DROP YOU LIKE
THIRD PERIOD FRENCH.
WINGMAN, ATTACK!
UH!
NOW, MY WINGMAN'S
GOT A SPECIAL
ABILITY FOR YOU!
SO YOUR
BATTLE CLAW FOX'S
ATTACK POINTS
COME OUT OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
AAH!
LIKE THAT?
WE DO, JAY!
AND SO DO I,
BECAUSE ANY
MONSTER THAT ATTACKS
MY CLAW FOX GETS DESTROYED.
SO YOUR WINGMAN
EXITS THE STAGE!
NO WAY!
WHAT A TWIST!
HE KNEW HE WOULD DESTROY
FLAME WINGMAN ALL ALONG!
ISN'T HE JUST
A BRILLIANT ACTOR?
THAT WAS
SUCH A MOVING
PERFORMANCE.
NOW I'M GETTING
A LITTLE
VERKLEMPT.
Syrus:
GIMME A BREAK!
YOU'RE THE REAL
STAR, JAY!
IT'S SHOW TIME!
AND I'LL
ACTIVATE THIS!
IT'S CALLED
DE-FUSION,
AND IT SEPARATES
MY WINGMAN BACK
INTO BURSTINATRIX
AND AVIAN!
NOW, BURSTINATRIX,
ATTACK!
SO WHO'S HER TARGET
GONNA BE?
SHIZUKA!
YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
THANKS TO HER
EFFECT, I GET
600 POINTS!
AND NEXT MY NEW YEAR
DRUM KICKS IN!
SO BATTLE CLAW FOX
RETURNS TO THE STAGE
AND BECOMES
YOUR NEW TARGET!
(YELLS)
SORRY, BUT WHOEVER
ATTACKS CLAW FOX MUST
LEAVE THE THEATER COMPANY!
LATER, BURSTINATRIX.
ALL RIGHT!
I PLAY AVIAN!
HE'LL FACE BEN KEI!
I'LL PLACE THIS FACE-DOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
BURSTINATRIX,
EXIT STAGE LEFT!
HAVING FUN YET
OR NOT?
I ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED!
SO I DRAW TWO CARDS.
MY FRIENDS,
WE'VE COME TO THE POINT
IN OUR PRODUCTION
WHERE THE SETTING
CHANGES ONCE AGAIN.
OH, COME ON! THIS IS
NEVER A GOOD THING.
HANG IN THERE,
SOLDIER!
SO JOIN ME,
FOR IT'S TIME TO
LEAVE OUR CHERRY BLOSSOM
AND BEGIN A NEW SCENE!
I GIVE YOU THE ROUGH SEAS!
AND THIS STAGE HAS
A SPECIAL EFFECT!
NOT ONLY IS THIS BACKDROP
BEAUTIFUL TO LOOK AT,
BUT EACH TURN IT LETS
ME ADD A NEW CHARACTER
TO MY HAND!
AND SO I CALL FORTH
GENGHIS GHAN,
THE EMPEROR DRAGON!
LADIES,
YOUR TIME IS UP!
THIS NEXT ACTOR WON'T
SHARE THE STAGE!
NOW PLEASE WELCOME
GENGHIS GHAN!
WELL, I'LL BE!
MAN, TALK ABOUT
A SHOWSTOPPER!
IT'S STRONG
ENOUGH TO END
THIS RIGHT NOW!
Syrus: DO SOMETHING, JADEN.
FINE! I WILL!
I'LL PLAY A TRAP...
FEATHER STORM!
AND IT'S GONNA CUT
YOUR MONSTER DOWN TO SIZE,
'CAUSE IT SWITCHES
ITS ATTACK POINTS WITH
ITS DEFENSE POINTS!
IT'S STILL AVIAN'S
LAST SCENE!
SO TAKE A BOW...
UH!
THAT SHOULD DO FOR NOW.
SO RECITE YOUR
FINAL LINES!
IT'S ALMOST TIME
FOR MY GRAND FINALE!
HAVE YOU ACCEPTED MY THEORY
ON THE ART OF DUELING?
AS IF! YOU'VE GOT
IT ALL WRONG,
AND I'LL PROVE IT!
OH, PLEASE.
I'M SERIOUS!
YOU'RE SO
CAUGHT UP IN MAKING
A BIG PRODUCTION
OUT OF EVERYTHING,
YOU MISS
THE WHOLE POINT!
WHAT POINT IS THAT?
FOR THE LAST TIME,
THE POINT IS
TO ACTUALLY HAVE
A GOOD TIME
WHEN YOU'RE
DUELING!
THE NERVE!
YOU'RE RUINING
THE SHOW, SLACKER!
HEY!
NO HECKLING!
SO. WHAT GIVES YOU
ALL OF THIS CONFIDENCE?
WELL, I DON'T KNOW.
LET'S SEE.
I JUST BELIEVE
IN MYSELF, I GUESS.
IT'S NOT LIKE
I DON'T REALIZE
YOU'RE BEATING ME
RIGHT NOW.
BUT I'M NOT THINKING
ABOUT THAT WHILE
I'M DUELING, YA KNOW?
I'M KIND OF JUST
IN THE MOMENT.
I GUESS
YOU COULD SAY
THE SECRET OF
MY SUCCESS IS
NOT THINKING.
HA HA HA!
I SEE.
YOU'RE SPONTANEOUS.
I'M CHARMED.
THAT ATTITUDE IS
FINE FOR AN AMATEUR.
BUT?
WHEN YOU'RE A FAMOUS
PRO LIKE ME,
YOU MUST ENTERTAIN
THE FANS!
WELL, FINE.
ON WITH THE SHOW!
MY MOVE!
THIS COULD BE
JADEN'S LAST CHANCE.
HE ALWAYS PULLS
THROUGH IN THE END.
FOR STARTERS,
I PLAY ELEMENTAL
HERO BUBBLEMAN
IN ATTACK
MODE!
SINCE I DON'T HAVE
ANY OTHER CARDS IN PLAY,
I CAN DRAW
TWO RIGHT NOW.
AND THANKS TO THE EFFECT
OF YOUR FIELD SPELL,
I CAN ADD A MONSTER
TO MY HAND!
NEXT I ACTIVATE
MY MIRACLE FUSION!
SO I REMOVE
MY FLAME WINGMAN
AND MY SPARKMAN,
ALLOWING ME TO SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN!
AND THERE'S MORE!
FOR EVERY ELEMENTAL HERO
THAT'S IN MY GRAVEYARD,
MY MONSTER GAINS
300 ATTACK POINTS!
WELL DONE.
THAT'S IMPRESSIVE
FOR AN AMATEUR.
LIKE THAT? WATCH THIS!
I'M GONNA PUT AN END
TO THIS SHOW!
READY? SHINING FLARE
WINGMAN, ATTACK!
NEED I REMIND YOU,
I'M RUNNING THE SHOW!
GOT THAT?
AND I DECIDE HOW IT ENDS!
SO FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE THIS...
THE TRAP CARD
THOUSAND STRINGS!
(GROWLS)
HA HA HA!
BEHOLD... THE UNFORESEEN
SPECTACLE OF THOUSAND STRINGS!
YOUR ATTACK
HAS BEEN STOPPED,
AND ALL MONSTERS ARE
NOW POWERLESS!
WIPING OUT EVERYONE'S
ATTACK POINTS?
CREATIVE, BUT NOT
A WISE MOVE!
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
SORRY, BUT I'M GONNA
CLOSE THE CURTAIN
ON THIS SHOW!
BUT YOU CAN'T!
I ACTIVATE
QUICK SUMMON!
WITH THIS SPELL,
I GET TO SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER.
SO I SACRIFICE
MY FLARE WINGMAN
AND MY BUBBLEMAN!
TO SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO NEOS!
OH, NO!
AND NOW THE GRAND
FINALE, FOLKS!
NEOS, ATTACK!
HE DID IT!
TAKE A BOW,
SARGE!
TRAGEDIES ARE
SO DEPRESSING.
YES. AND THE WORST
PART IS THERE WAS
NO VICTORY DANCE NUMBER.
Hassleberry:
A VICTORY DANCE, EH?
I WISH WE COULD
HAVE SEEN THAT.
ME, TOO... THINK
HE'D DO IT FOR US?
I HAVE TO ADMIT
I WAS WRONG ABOUT YOU.
YOU UNDERSTAND THE ART OF
DUELING BETTER THAN I DO.
SO HERE.
YOU DESERVE THIS.
AND YOU'RE GOING TO MAKE
A GREAT PRO SOMEDAY.
I MEAN IT.
YOU'RE NOT
SO BAD YOURSELF!
YOU JUST NEED
TO RELAX.
AND REMEMBER TO HAVE
A LITTLE FUN!
CAN I HAVE MY HAIR
BACK NOW?
Syrus: ORLANDO?
Hassleberry: WOULD
YOU MIND SHOWIN' US
YOUR VICTORY DANCE?
Jaden: HIS WHAT?
OF COURSE!
AWESOME!
READY?
RA RA REE! KICK HIM
IN THE KNEE!
RA RA RUTT!
KICK HIM IN THE OTHER KNEE!
Syrus: ALL RIGHT!
BRAVO!
Hassleberry:
WHOO-HOO!
ORLANDO!
ENCORE!
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR
GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪